Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedinternet-systems-assignment
<br>
1 IntroductionThis assignment is based on real data processing I have had to undertake as part of a research project at Loughborough. A brieﬁng with an overview of this work will be undertaken on Thursday of week 2 of the module. 2 Exercise You must write some Python and/or Shell code to process data ﬁles and produce an outputﬁle. The input ﬁles are logs from runs of an experiment on BGPSecurity(RPKI) and the output ﬁle is a measure of the performance of the run. There are two types of data ﬁle: publication and router. 2.1 Context In BGP Secrurity’s RPKI Infrastructure a Route Origin Authorisation (ROA) object consists of: • an AS number. • an IP address. • a preﬁx length. • a preﬁx maximum length. An example would be: 42 8.0.0.0/16-32 Here the preﬁxis 8.0.0.0 the length 16,the maximum length 24 and the ASnumber42. (Don’t not worry about the term maximum length. For the purposes of this exercise all you need to know is that it is there). The purpose of a ROA is to form a cryptographic bind between an AS number to a preﬁx. ROAs are published by publication points and received at routers. We have log ﬁles logging the time of publication and receipt and these log ﬁles are the input to your program. 2.2 Input This ﬁles contain information about when ROA objects are published and received. Extracts from sample input ﬁles are shown in ﬁgure 1. • Objects can be published at many publication points. Each one has a publication log(pubd.log). Note from the ﬁgure that we are only interested in lines containing ROAs, these can be identiﬁed by the 4th ﬁeld ending in .roa, and then we only need the time and the information from the last two ﬁelds. • Objects are received at many routers. Each one has an rtr-origin-client.log. Note we are only interested in the lines with a + in the 4th ﬁeld. The AS number is then the ﬁfth ﬁeld and the preﬁx and it’s lengths are in the following ﬁeld. Note that for both publication and router log ﬁles there are many lines which can be ignored. Files are presented in the following way. The network consists of a large number of machines, some of which act as publication points and some as routers. Each machine has a folder with a set of sub folders. If the ﬁle machinename/rpki/daemon-logs/pubd.log.gz exists, then this machine is a publication point, otherwise it’s a router (in this experiment a machine cannot be both). If a router, then the required log ﬁle is machinename/rpki/rtr-origin-client.log.gz All other ﬁles can be ignored. 2.3 Output We are interested in the time taken (in seconds) for each object to progress from the publication point to a router. One ﬁle of output is needed, which will have one line for each ROA object received at a router together with the time taken for that object to propagate from the publication point to the router. 2.4 Compression As the input ﬁles can be big they are compressed using gzip. Look into python functions for opening and reading compressed ﬁles. (Hint: gzip.open) 2.5 Your Code Your code needs to read all the ﬁles and process them. As with lab exercise 4, the key thing is to have a good set of internal data structure to hold the information as you read it from the ﬁles. 2.6 Sample Input A set of sample input ﬁles and folders are stored in sci-linux in the folder: ~eliwp/505-23.